Add/Update warnings for Zoo and MM1 removal (#10828)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

  Remove support for Kafka 3.7.0 and 3.7.1
* Ability to move data between JBOD disks using Cruise Control.

### Major changes, deprecations and removals

> * **Strimzi 0.45 is the last minor Strimzi version with support for ZooKeeper-based Apache Kafka clusters and Mirror Maker 1 deployments.**
>   **Please make sure to migrate to KRaft and Mirror Maker 2 before upgrading to Strimzi 0.46 or newer.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Strimzi 0.45 is the last minor Strimzi version with support for ZooKeeper-based Apache Kafka clusters and MirrorMaker 1 deployments.**
  **Please make sure to migrate to KRaft and MirrorMaker 2 before upgrading to Strimzi 0.46 or newer.**
```
